# MODEL9071122126: testid

## Installation

Download this repository, and install with distutils

`python setup.py install`

Or, install using pip

`pip install git+https://github.com/biomodels/MODEL9071122126.git`

To install a specific version (in this example, from the 2014-09-16 BioModels release)

`pip install git+https://github.com/biomodels/MODEL9071122126.git@20140916`


# Model Notes
This model is based closely on the one from <a href = "http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih
.gov:80/entrez/query.fcgi?cmd=Retrieve&db=PubMed&list_uids=9888852&dopt=Abstra
ct">Bhalla US and Iyengar R. Science (1999) 283(5400):381-7</a>. This is a
stripped down version with only the essential components of the feedback
loop:PKC, Ras and the MAPK cascade, and PLA2 in the synapse. The upregulation
of MKP-1 is not incorporated in this model since it is treated as a fixed
regulatory input. This model was used to develop figures 2 - 4 which show the
bistable region of parameter space when the regulatory inputs Ca, PP2A and
MKP-1 are varied.

This model originates from BioModels Database: A Database of Annotated
Published Models (http://www.ebi.ac.uk/biomodels/). It is copyright (c)
2005-2011 The BioModels.net Team.  
To the extent possible under law, all copyright and related or neighbouring
rights to this encoded model have been dedicated to the public domain
worldwide. Please refer to [CC0 Public Domain
Dedication](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) for more
information.

In summary, you are entitled to use this encoded model in absolutely any
manner you deem suitable, verbatim, or with modification, alone or embedded it
in a larger context, redistribute it, commercially or not, in a restricted way
or not..  
  
To cite BioModels Database, please use: [Li C, Donizelli M, Rodriguez N,
Dharuri H, Endler L, Chelliah V, Li L, He E, Henry A, Stefan MI, Snoep JL,
Hucka M, Le Nov√®re N, Laibe C (2010) BioModels Database: An enhanced, curated
and annotated resource for published quantitative kinetic models. BMC Syst
Biol., 4:92.](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20587024)


